Another fox worm
The thorn of Shanghu was also killed by a tiger insect
Is it really the poison of winter?
He doesn't look like he has that ability, does he?
Sister, think of a way
How can you bend your bones?
I do know a way to bend my bones
But there are a million ways to bend your bones.
It may not work.
Oops, a dead horse is a living horse doctor
Is it important to save people?
Ancient insects feed on corpses
Go find a fresh piece of carcass
Maybe lead it out
Corpse
Where can I find corpses for you in this place?
I didn't say it had to be human flesh
Is pork okay?
Help me find fresh pork
Such an ancient art of Qu Gu
How would he, a furry kid in his early 20s, know?
What secret is this kid hiding?